TOKYO WAKAMONO HELLOWORK
SHIBUYA POLICE STATION
There are so many of them.
I can't just watch it happen.
But I don't have time to save everyone.
Damn. What should I do...
The station...
Mr. Gojo is right there before me.
Spiced cod roe.
That word...
Senior Inumaki!
Salmon.
I'll leave it to you!
Salmon, salmon.
(Episode 37: Red Scale)
Don't move.
(JUJUTSU KAISEN Shibuya Incident)
10:10 P.M., INSIDE SHIBUYA STATION
For safety reasons, please do
not rush inside the station.
Yuji Itadori.
I will avenge my brothers.
CONVERGENCE
Convergence.
Blood Manipulation Convergence.
This technique compresses
the blood to the maximum.
The compressed blood will
concentrate at one point and be launched.
The blood enhanced by Cursed Energy
will reach a projection speed
that exceeds the speed of sound.
Blood Manipulation...
Its name is...
PIERCING BLOOD
Piercing blood.
A double impact.
What a wonderful technique.
I have a question.
Did my brothers leave any final words?
Your brothers...
My goodness.
The two men that you killed.
No, they didn't say anything specific.
But...
He cried.
Eso, Kechizu.
Just watch.
This is your
elder brother!
Damn it.
He's widened the gap again.
His blood beam is too fast.
I only have a 50 percent
chance of avoiding it.
If I make the wrong guess
and get hit in the head,
I will die.
At least, I need to control
the timing of launching.
Is he luring me to attack? I am all in.
That's right.
This technique is only fast
at the first moment.
Once I dodge it, I can approach him.
Supernova.
SUPERNOVA
I was too hasty.
The compression is not sufficient.
Damn, this guy...
He is really strong.
Hey.
What's the situation now?
Mechamaru, why didn't you...
There is something else
I must do, so I need to save energy.
Is it Blood Manipulation that Choso uses?
You know it?
Because Kamo uses
the same Cursed Technique.
That sleepy-eyed third grader?
So you...
I don't know the weakness
of this technique.
Blood Manipulation is one of the highly valued
techniques passed down in Kamo Family.
Convergence compresses
and condenses the blood,
BLOOD MANIPULATION. CONVERGENCE. PIERCING BLOOD.
leading to Piercing blood and Blood Edge.
BLOOD EDGE. SUPERNOVA.
It can be used at any distance
because of the balanced
power of the technique.
Choso without blood loss
has almost no weakness.
Thank you for the information.
I don't know his weakness,
but I have an idea.
What is it?
Go to the bathroom.
Bathroom? Why?
I'll explain later.
It has only a 10 percent
chance of success.
Sorry. If it fails, you'll have to die.
Come on.
Dragging out will only make it worse.
You'll get killed by him anyway.
Idiot.
There's only a bathroom and an escalator.
I'll catch you no matter
where you run off to.
What's that sound?
He defeated my brothers.
An idiot can never do that.
And what could the sound be...
He's definitely up to something.
I have to be careful.
What?
Aren't you coming over?
You are such a coward.
Just like your little brothers.
I'll kill you!
(JUJUTSU KAISEN)
You are all the same.
All three of you share
such brotherly love,
so it's easy to manipulate you.
So far everything has gone well.
Now you have to take
a gamble, Yuji Itadori.
What a pity.
That was your last chance.
Now you're the one with no escape.
What?
Convergence has been lifted.
Blood Manipulation can inhibit blood clotting
to enhance the effect of the technique.
Therefore, Choso's blood is easier
to dissolve in water than others.
Besides that, when blood
comes into contact with water,
affected by osmotic pressure, red blood cells
swell and the cell membranes rupture.
He can't control the blood cells that
account for about 45 percent of blood.
That's why Convergence has been lifted.
Mechamaru's plan is right.
Now, Choso can no longer
control the blood outside his body.
Flowing Red Scale: Stack.
Choso's combat experience is not enough.
He didn't understand
what was happening to him.
He just accepted reality and completed
blood manipulation inside his body.
I don't figure it out.
I didn't have time to ask him either.
But I'm sure about one thing...
I have the control here now.
I can win.
Just when he thinks he's bound to win,
Choso compressed his blood to the maximum
to avoid contact with water.
The blood reinforced by Cursed Energy
pierced Yuji Itadori's liver.
Blood Manipulation.
Blood Asteroid.
I was too careless.
I thought he had
no other long-range attacks.
What is it? Where was I hit?
This is different from
the last time I got pierced in stomach.
A vital part is injured.
I'll lose. I'll die...
I understand my duty now.
To enable Fushiguro, Kugisaki,
Nanami, and other seniors
to pass through here and get to Mr. Gojo,
I have to disable him
from fighting even if I die.
It's okay
if I'm not the one who saves Mr. Gojo.
Three times, only three times.
Except the attacks I blocked,
Itadori only hit me three times,
yet it's caused such severe damage.
Blood Asteroid is only hard.
It isn't comparable to Piercing blood
in terms of speed and power.
I probably couldn't have pierced him
if I hadn't caught him off guard.
Blood Manipulation doesn't usually
solidify blood like Blood Asteroid.
Blood Edge is only for an outline, allowing blood
to circulate at high speeds and increase lethality.
Even those sorcerers of Blood Manipulation
aren't necessarily able to extend
their consciousness to all blood vessels.
If solidifying the blood,
one is at risk of sudden blood clots.
Come on.
Choso deems that the risk Yuji Itadori
brings greatly outweighs that.
Teeth.
It was a feint.
It's not over yet.
I haven't thrown a left-handed
punch since the first one.
He probably thought
my left hand is useless now.
So, I'll mislead him with
my right hand, then punch him.
Hit!
What is this?
The feeling of hitting him...
What a pity.
You're still breathing?
Just die...
Go apologize to my brothers.
Boring.
How can you lose to such a nobody?
What is happening...
Suddenly, something
floods into Choso's mind.
NON-EXISTENT MEMORIES
Non-existent memories.
Come on.
Have a bite, brother.
Ah...
Why did you...
Found him.
He's still alive, right?
Well...
Let's start.
Mondy.
Monday.
Tuesday.
Well.
Wedonesday.
Wednesday.
What the heck?
(Next Episode: Sway)
Who decided to pronounce it this way?
Someone smarter than you, dummy.